Lolis
img-0010-HQ-MyAnimeDrawing.jpg
Anime Cat-Neko Loli Special Maid-Girl Ninjutsu uwu fufu Kawaii = Cute...
Over the past few years, I have become an anime fan: weeb, otaku, or whatnot.
There are quite a few elements I love about anime: the interesting plots and
premises, the tackling of dificult thematic subjects, willingness to approach
such forbidden topics as nilhism and dubiously-grey protagonists, etc.

However, a simpler reason for why I am also a fan: it's cute. It's adorable.
Look at this loli:

Tell me that is not bloody adorable. Lolis, for the 
<span style="text-decoration: line-through;">non-deplorable</span> unenlightened,
 is an ambiguous term, owing its
origin to Nabokov's contraversial 1955 book 
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lolita">Lolita</a>, but I typically 
define it as any anime pre-teen (or one that resembles one). And they, 
usually, very very adorable:

Now, before you call the <a href="">FBI</a>, let me explain why these thing
exist. You see, in America, we have two things working against cute things:

1) Pedophobia, or rather something along those lines. America, moreso 
than Japan or Europe and many parts of the world, has a strong cultural
belief that children and adults reside in entirely different worlds. 
Additionally, along these lines, pedophiles are absolutely despised. They are,
of course, hated elsewhere as well, but America takes it a step further by 
squinting eyes at any male adult figure with a younger figure, resulting
in such things as pre-schools being female-dominated career, father figures
generally getting shorter ends of the stick in divorce child settlements, 
biases in child-care jobs, etc. No, Im not trying to make some political
statement and I sure as heck wont be marching around with some slogan like
"men's rights" or stuff, but point is, America is, at the very least, more
cautious (and perhaps rightfully so) and skeptical of adults with children --
heck, make a joke about a male priest that doesnt involve a pedo punchline.
That's also why you will see children often as more morality chains in 
American works, but they are routinely main or major characters in anime works,
ranging from action to horror to comedy to romance.

2) I tend to classify looks in a few semi-conflicting categories:
sexiness (measured by cuvaciousness, bustiness, maturity, etc.), beauty/prettiness 
(measured by clairty, balancing in colors/ratios, idealness), handsomeness 
(measured by strong features and charmingness), and cuteness (measured by
childishness, carefree, quirkiness, etc.). Obviously no one typically falls
straight into one category and this a mixed pallete, but typically, Americans
favor sexiness (think Atkisson or whoever on an American truck with a burger),
Europeans value prettiness (thin-arms, long hair, formal, victorian), and 
Asiatic nations value cutenesss (innocence, obedience, loyalty, needing
protection, etc.) For instance, American girls may put on make-up to make
themselves appear older and more mature/developed, whereas Japanese girls may
wear makeup to make their eyes appear larger and features softer. (Note: while
I am talking about women here, there similar differences in how men are typically
cast, such as the bishounen archetype of Japan contrasting with the macho man
of America). Long-story short, Japan appreciates and enjoys cute things (in 
general) like cats and large eyes more than American (indeed, in America, cats
are stereotypically associated with bad luck and evilness, even if jokingly, 
while a black cat in Japan is good luck).

So, why do I go into this? To sort of explain myself. As one anime character
somewhat puts it: Yes, I like cute anime girl pics in panda suits, but I also
like cute cats, and doggies, and bugs, and teddy bears. I still have my teddy
bears from a kid and anthropomorphize them, similarly to my anime girl doll.

But I guess trying to explain myself makes me appear guilty, eh? No, rather I
want to clarify my intentions and mindset, such as dressing up my Little Sis in
a maid outfit or buying anime merchandise, as well as perhaps the thoughts of
similar "weebs".

After reading it over, I have found this too cringey to read, thus this will
be replaced.